F 's six Sons are in Israeli jails four
of them arrested in the past
month she shows us the damage the
Israeli Army caused in her home in
Bethlehem in the occupied West Bank she
mended the curtains and DEP some of the
door locks but some things cannot be
fixed I told them he was sick they
shouted at me told me to shut up and
look away they pushed me threw me to the
the ground pulled my arms behind my back
and handcuffed me they kneeled on my
back and stomach all four
soldiers it's hard all of my children
are gone now I worry about them on top
of that I saw how they beat up my sick
husband I'm used to them coming to
arrest us but it's different this
time FIA says she has to be strong for
her grandchildren
their faces say more than their
words they were trashing our rooms we
heard loud thuds and when they left the
house was upside down and I saw my
father's Blood on the floor since
October the 7th Israeli forces have
arrested more than 2,000 Palestinians
without visitation rights and with
limited access to legal representation
families fear their children are being
tortured this video was published on
isra social
media's family recognized him
immediately his wife wedged has seen the
footage but she doesn't want her
daughters to see
it the youngest Lan is three she's
closest to him wed says and often brags
about how strong he
is she keeps asking me to call her
father to tell him that I'm not buying
her sweets since his arrest they sleep
in my bed with me they keep asking when
he'll be
back but wedg doesn't have an answer as
much as Parents try to protect their
children the Israeli occupation finds a
way to cast Shadows over their
lives nid ibraim Al jazer bethleem the
occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer